[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are talking about
interplanetary beings
with Randy Cramer.
Randy, welcome.
>> How you doing, Emery?
>> Randy, there are many people
that believe there are beings
living in Inner Earth, and
not only on Inner Earth,
but other planets Inner Earth,
what do you know about this?
>> Oh, there absolutely are, and
it turns out that the honeycomb
structure that we have
underneath the surface
of the crust, which creates
these large pockets,
is something that happens a lot.
Most planets have magma
activity, molten rock activity
under the surface, that
create these pockets
and form them over time.
So you have these, in some
cases pockets of space
that are larger than
the state of Nevada,
in a pocket that's that big
so you can't see from one end
to the other it's so large,
so they become incredibly safe
from surface
destructive efforts.
So I mean, you
can't get wiped out
by a hurricane, or a tornado,
or a flood in these areas
because they're
protected against that.
So it's not uncommon for
species to move underground
either when necessary, or
just as the notion of, hey,
maybe we should do this
because we have the ability to.
And it's a safer,
more secure place.
It's also safer and more
secure from a hostile force
or an invasion.
In some cases, a
hostile force could
land on the surface of a
planet, and invade the surface,
and not be able to find
the entrances that might
lead to an interior place.
So it's a very strong defensive
position, interior of a planet.
>> So it doesn't have
its own atmosphere?
Is it just full of water?
Or is it a multitude of
different types of atmospheres?
>> It varies quite a bit.
So in the same way that we
have the caverns that you
can get to from
the surface, which
can have breathable oxygen, or
water, or methane, or ammonia,
or chlorine gas, so
you have the same kind
of pockets underneath
the surface
as well in the honeycomb.
So you can have a big pocket
that's breathable atmosphere,
or you can have a big
pocket that's chlorine gas
and would kill you
if you were in it
without an environment suit.
It's an incredibly varied
environment down there,
more varied than people
would imagine it to be.
>> Now on a previous episode,
you and I were talking about
these large and weird beings,
and things that live down
there, and the viewers have been
writing in and they said if I
ever get you back on this show,
let's jump in and go deep here,
and no pun intended--
>> All right.
>> What is down there.
>> Giant monsters.
>> And who are they,
and why are they here.
>> They're a natural defense
mechanism from the planet.
They've been here longer
than any of us have,
or since before
the dinosaurs even.
These are creatures that go back
millions of years potentially,
and have been living there
for a very, very long time.
My personal encounter with them
is they're highly intelligent.
They're not animals,
unintelligent animals,
or beasts.
They're highly intelligent.
But by looking at them,
you might refer to them
as a beast or a monster.
And I guarantee you
a living creature
that's 200 or 300 feet
tall, that's several
thousand or million years
old has a consciousness that
probably defies understanding
from me or you anyway.
>> How long have they been here?
>> Millions of years.
Probably even maybe since
the beginning of the planet.
>> Could you give me an example
of what one of these giants
look like?
>> Sure.
I've only had one personal
experience that I can relate.
While I have been
briefed on the subject
and I could describe
a few other things,
I only have one
personal experience
that I was there for,
saw with my own eyes,
and experienced with
my own five senses.
So if you want to
imagine something
that resembles a
big furry primate,
maybe like a sloth that
walks on its hands,
and is covered with hair that
looks like giant dreadlocks.
And if you can imagine
a strand of woven hair
that's about 3 or 4 feet
in diameter or more,
and over 100 feet
long, that starts
whipping through the
air, and that's not
like getting hit
with a dreadlock.
That's going to be getting
hit like with a 20 ton cable.
So it has the ability to
basically swirl and spin
its body in such a way that
these hairs go flying around
and would knock
out aircraft if you
were trying to attack it
with helicopters, or jets,
or something like that.
It could knock a
plane out of the sky,
or crush a tank probably,
or something like that.
>> Exactly how
tall do you think--
could you estimate?
>> I would estimate that it was
probably between 250 and 300
feet tall.
This is definitely in
the deep, deep pockets.
So we consider the
network in which
some of these other species,
of the shorter, more our size
ones, we refer to that often
as the Argartha Network.
There is a deeper set
of pockets that we
think of as deeper than that.
And that's where these things
live, in an even deeper pocket,
or series of pockets.
>> How do they grow to
such an extreme size,
and why aren't we not
seeing them on the surface?
>> Well, I think we're talking
about pre-primordial time,
so were talking about before
the dinosaurs when plants
and animals were even larger.
So I think were just talking
about that came from a time
when biological life
was grew bigger.
I mean we don't have--
if we had a brontosaurus that
we could genetically engineer
and bring to life, it
would starve to death,
because there simply
aren't plants that
grow big enough for it to eat.
It would need a bigger food
source of bigger vegetation.
>> And the mineral content
was much higher back then,
and the atmosphere was thicker,
so the radiation, you know--
>> All factors that would
dictate what biological life
would look like, and
what its characteristics
of survivability would be.
>> Do you think they have
lungs and they're breathing
the atmosphere down there or--
>> You can hear them breathing
when you're close to them.
That's one of the
distinctive characteristics
is you can hear them breathing.
>> What about the smells.
>> Oh!
>> Did you notice that smell?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
Really, likes the stinkiest
primate that you could imagine,
because it's large.
I don't know if it ever bathes.
Very smelly.
>> What was your personal
experience with it that you
had?
>> I don't know how comfortable
I am discussing that completely
and intricately.
Let's just say that it
became a requirement for me
that I had to get to
a certain place, which
was across this expanse.
And the only way
that I was going
to get across this expanse,
was if I rode on something
that could walk that expanse.
And it's a complicated story how
that all went down, but, yeah,
there was something
going on there.
>> Was it positive or negative?
>> Very positive.
Terrifying.
Absolutely terrifying.
Crap my pants terrifying,
but very positive.
>> Were there others
like you that were there?
>> No.
None that I could
see or were aware of.
It was very dark.
But I don't think so.
I think it was not a place
where humans or other beings
would want to go, because
you'd get stepped on.
I mean, when you
realize you enter
into a cavern where you're
this big compared to something
that's this big,
it's terrifying,
because all of a
sudden you realize
I could get stepped
on at any second here.
So it's a whole other kind
of biological concern.
It's sort of made me
think, oh, so this
is what a mouse
feels like when it's
running through the kitchen.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Oh my goodness.
Did you make a
connection with it,
or were you just being
really careful when
you were walking
through this expanse,
and was this expanse
in Inner Earth?
>> Yeah, I had to--
I had to sit and do
a meditative exercise
to communicate with this
being, or essentially
to communicate with the being
that responded to my request
for a ride.
And he was the one
that showed up, so--
>> How did you see in there?
Was it lit up?
Was it--
>> It was incredibly dark.
I had maybe, with the
light source that I had,
20 or 30 foot visibility radius.
I could see, but not very far.
>> Were you able to go
up and touch this being?
>> Yes.
I grabbed onto one of
those big giant hairs
and rode it across it.
>> And you rode it across just
like a flea on a dog was trying
to get somewhere.
[LAUGHS]
>> Pretty much.
Pretty much.
>> OK.
>> With his permission.
>> Right.
>> Yeah, I wouldn't, I don't
think I would have been allowed
to without his permission.
So I had to ask nice,
and he apparently
was cool with that, and--
>> What was that purpose
of traversing this area?
Was it just because there
no way to get across it,
because you're just too small?
>> Yeah, there was no other--
no way to have a vehicle,
or a ship, or a motorcycle,
or anything else to ride.
It was either going to walk,
which was not feasible,
or get a ride, and I was told
that that was the protocol.
that if one had to make
this journey, that was
the way that it had to be made.
>> So the protocol came
down from who and where?
Just from your training?
>> From my superiors,
but from my superiors,
they got the information
from the Raptors.
>> Was there any
foliage in the area,
or anything else that stood
out, like lakes, or rivers,
or waterfalls.
>> Nothing that I could
see or came close to.
It seemed to be a incredibly
large, empty cavern
of dark rock.
I didn't see or smell water,
vegetation of any kind
that I can recall.
>> Did they debrief you on
what they were doing there,
this specific giant creature?
>> I would say that
I got a debriefing.
I don't know that I got
the full debriefing,
but I got a debriefing
on the subject.
>> Were there others down
there or was it just this one
creature?
>> There were many others.
Most of them I couldn't
see as they would pass by,
but you could hear
the steps, very loud,
and, again, the breathing.
So imagine being in the dark,
and hearing something walk
and breathe that is so large
you can feel every footstep,
and you can feel warm
air when it exhales.
Stinky warm air.
>> How many you think
were in there just by--
I know you have to guess
because you couldn't see.
>> I'm guessing
dozens or hundreds.
>> And what type of uniform
or protective gear were you
wearing?
>> Next to none, to
be honest with you.
Pretty standard
BDU style uniform.
>> Did you have any
special equipment on you.
>> This particular, I was not
allowed anything other than
a flashlight.
I was told that if I
was carrying a weapon,
I could be considered a
threat and get stomped on.
So I was given no
weapons of any kind, not
a knife, not anything.
>> How did you feel about that?
>> Terrified.
>> That must have been
one important mission.
>> It was very important.
Life or death.
>> Can you give us
a little bit more?
Like--
>> No.
>> Well, OK.
>> All right, well these
beings seem pretty amazing.
Have you been to other parts
in Inner Earth where there
were more humanoid beings
or extraterrestrials
that you would run
into now and then?
>> Yeah.
Like I said, the shallower
layer of the Argartha Network
has the--
we sort of think of them
as the post-Atlanteans
So when Atlantis broke
up, a lot of people
went to the four corners of the
Earth, as well as underground.
So a good number of what we
think of as these tall Nordics,
are really like
Atlantean ancestors.
>> So let's get into
these other beings,
and some of the ones
you worked with.
Are they equally advanced to
us, or are they more primitive?
>> I'd say most of them
are as advanced or more so.
What we find is that different
species from different places
focus differently on
different technologies,
so you don't necessarily go
from place to place and find
uniform advancements.
You can find different ways.
The different species will
use cellular regeneration
technology.
The different ways
in which species
use computer, memory
storage technology.
Different ways in which they
use create light sources,
heating sources.
So you have just so
many different ways
in which the
fingerprint of a species
sort of leaves itself with
the technology that it uses.
It's an interesting
question to ask,
because I would say while
some of the technology
that some of these
species have is clearly
more advanced than what we're
using at the moment, some
of them not so much.
Again, a lot of species
develop something
and go, OK, that's good.
And then if there's no need to
develop something beyond that,
because that's completely
functional, then they don't.
So, again, sometimes
we find things
that we've gone decades or
centuries ahead of someone,
because we're constantly trying
to make something better,
versus maybe some
species that got
a technology from another
more advanced species
that we're still trying to
figure out how to crack.
So it's--
>> Can you give us some
comparisons or explain what
some of this technology is?
>> Yeah, I mean, so
these tall Nordics,
they use a regeneration
technology that's basically
a crystal bed.
So it's like this giant
crystal bed and chamber,
and you slide someone in it.
And then, they refract some
light through the crystal.
And then, it does
something super magical
and restores anything
and everything.
It's pretty interesting.
>> Have you studied this device?
>> I haven't studied them.
I've seen it.
I've looked at one.
It was very fascinating.
I was completely intrigued.
>> So let's get into more detail
about these tall Nordic beings.
Like what do they look like?
>> I'd say they tend to be in
about six 6 and 1/2 feet tall.
Their variation
in eye color tends
to be blue, green,
lighter colors.
Don't tend to see too many dark
brown or darker colored pupils.
They tend to be lighter colors.
Some of that probably is
living subterranean as well.
Some of the pale skin
is probably from that.
Even though they do have
these artificial fusion
devices, which is essentially
an artificial sun stuck up
in the ceiling somewhere, it's
often still not quite the same
as living on the surface.
They tend to wear
robes, which is
the standard intergalactic wear,
because it's easiest to make.
It's comfortable.
They're not so fashion forward.
>> Do they look in shape?
Are they more rounder,
more skinnier?
>> They seem actually really
skinny and lean to me,
they like they don't have a
lot of muscle mass or muscle
development on there.
I would presume, and
this might not be true,
I would presume that
in a wrestling match,
I would win hands down
in a physical match up.
But I'm not sure that
that's 100% correct.
>> What do they eat and
what's their customs?
>> Mostly vegetarian
diet, apparently.
They're super big on
growing their own food
and eating mostly vegetable
matter, mushrooms, fungi,
stuff like that.
They're not big on meat.
>> How are they growing this
food underground without
the sun?
>> Again, artificial fusion
device, which acts as a sun.
Does the same thing so
that you get full spectrum
light that can, again, grow
plants, spinach, broccoli,
so forth.
>> Yeah, I've been exposed to
a lot of the white papers from
down there that they're
using chemo genesis,
which is the chemicals and
minerals from the Earth
to sustain life.
Did these beings have--
do they know about
the other beings,
and did they ever interact
with other Inner Earth being,
or are they just kind
of compartmentalized
to this section of the planet.
>> Oh, they're pretty
aware of the others.
There's some
territorialism, so there
tend to be areas in which the
Nordics live, and the Raptors.
The Raptors don't tend
to like other people
in their territory,
and let's just say
the civilians among the Raptors,
might find you tasty as food
if you did. so
you're not advised
to wander into their
territory, because you
might end up on the menu.
But it's not a thing
that they eat people.
It's more of a thing that if
you wander into their territory,
it's like a pig wandering
to your front lawn
and go, oh, bacon.
And so--
>> Why do you think
they're there?
Oh, they've been there
longer than we have.
They're evolved from
some dinosaur species,
so they evolved hundreds
of millions of years
here before we did.
>> Do they have--
and I'm talking about all
the beings we've mentioned,
and you can start
with any of them,
do they have access to Terra,
to the Earth's surface?
Is there a way for
them to come up?
>> Yes.
Yeah, they have access,
but in the same way
that not every person on
the surface gets to go down,
not everybody who lives
down there gets to come up.
So there is a barrier.
You have to be allowed to go
from up here to down there,
and you have to be
allowed to come up
from down there to up here.
>> On one of my investigations
that I did on my own,
when I was younger
in the military,
was trying to figure out how
these giant sea creatures were
traversing the Earth's oceans.
>> Right.
>> Are you aware of any
under water, under the Earth,
giant trail systems that
they could get through?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
So I'm not sure of the
exact time and date
this was, but recently, last
few years or something, NASA
comes out and says, we have
discovered oceans of water
under the oceans
that have more water
than the oceans have in them.
So there's gotta be a
circulatory system there,
and there's gotta be ways
in which they go in and out.
It has been speculated
for a very, very long time
that there's a hole down
at the bottom of Loch Ness,
and that's how Nessy
keeps going up and down,
is actually through one
of these larger tunnels
down into another watery area.
So they're most likely
using those channels, which
I think have yet to be fully
discovered and explored
by undersea scientists,
that's for sure.
>> What about other planets?
Are they living
below the surface?
Is that a common thing in
all these other places?
>> I wouldn't say that
it's 100% of the time,
but what we're finding as we
travel around is that the more
we look for subterranean species
and subterranean developments,
the more we find them.
So it's turning out to be just
as common, if not more common
than civilized life
on the surface.
>> And why do you believe
they're all heading
to the inside of these planets.
Is it a safety thing?
>> It's way safer.
If you think about
how civilization
is at the whim of environment,
so tornadoes, hurricanes,
floods, storms, hailstorms,
meteorological events, a meteor
hitting the ground, these are
all things that can seriously
damage life on the
surface as it's attempting
to grow or evolve, and
none of those things
will affect a
civilization that's
20 miles underneath the surface.
>> Now, do they live
more separate realities,
or are they kind of
integrated with each other,
all these different species?
>> Again, I'd say they have
some different territory.
So with their
shared territories,
they have kind of a shared
understanding of what
the reality is for themselves.
And if it's something
more isolated,
then that's their territory,
and how they view their reality.
There is how they view
their reality there.
>> And how different is it
living on the surface compared
to living underground?
>> It's pretty phenomenal and
pretty amazing in some ways.
The cities and the development
is, in some places,
off the charts compared to what
we have on the surface here.
>> So they have the technology
to go amongst the stars?
>> Oh, there's
spaceports that connect.
In some cases, in hollowed
out volcanoes just
under the surface.
In some cases, the ships can
go down into the ocean and then
through the oceanic tunnels.
So, yeah-- and there are--
some of these tunnels
are almost a half
a mile, mile wide.
So a pretty good a ship could
actually go through them.
>> What's preventing them from
coming to see us on a mass
event?
>> Protocol, for the most part.
>> Who wrote that protocol?
>> Their ancestors, pretty much.
And so, they're going by
what their ancestors have
told them to not
intermingle on the surface.
I-- how do I say this?
>> To most of those
who live subterranean,
and those who live off
world, those of us who live
on the surface are often
referred to as the stinky
surface dwellers, so we're
not often looked highly upon.
And that's when you think
of the massive population
on the surface, it's sometimes
as dumb as a bag of hammers.
So you can see,
maybe, how someone
might think about that
stinky surface dwellers.
So part of it is
protocol, and another part
is why would you want to
go there anyway and get
their icky, dirty filth
on you, because you
know they're stinky filth--
>> Especially since we're just
putting all that trash on top
of the surface wherever we go.
>> Oh yeah.
>> And is it different, like
the climate zones we have
on the surface?
We have places that are
polar, we have subtropical,
do you see any of
that down there?
>> There's some
temperature variation,
there's humidity variation, and
there certainly are cavities
there are big enough for clouds
to form and rain to fall.
So if you want to think about
one of the weirder things
to experience, being in
an underground cavern
and it's raining.
>> Is there anything that's
bioluminescent down there that
actually gives
light besides this--
>> Yes.
There are actually quite
a bit of plant life,
microorganisms, and minerals
in the rocks that can do that.
So depending on
where you are, you
can often walk along
through the subtle glow
of bioluminescent phosphorescent
microorganisms, plants,
and, again, minerals.
>> I noticed through a lot of
the biogene hacking online that
they have taken the DNA
from jellyfish, that glow,
and have now placed it into
dogs, and mice, and rats,
and they're glowing now.
>> Yep.
>> So I don't think it's that
far fetched to believe that
these beings could
adapt genetically
to their environment and--
>> Well, and some of them
have been there for so long,
who's to say they weren't
genetically engineering
and terraforming
those internal spaces,
or living in spaces that were
engineered or terraformed even
before they came along.
>> So what other types,
besides ones we just mentioned,
that you're familiar with.
>> Well, we definitely know
that we have our own indigenous
insectoid species as well.
The Hopi have a story about
when some disaster was going
to befall the surface
world, and these ant people
came up and took them
down for a while,
and they lived down there.
And then, they came back up
when the coast was clear.
So, yeah, we
absolutely also have
an indigenous insectoid species.
They keep to themselves
for the most part.
But, obviously, every once
in a while they come up
and interact, but--
>> Where are these locations to
get into these, not facilities,
but these areas that
these insectoids live?
>> So there are entrances
all over the world.
Some of them under the ocean.
Some of them through
cavern systems.
But keep in mind, that you
could end up in a cavern walking
along and be right in front
of an entrance and be touching
solid rock, because to
you, that;s solid rock.
>> Right.
>> But to someone from the
other side, it's a hologram.
And so, moving back and
forth through a hologram
isn't so difficult if
you know it's a hologram.
But if you don't know it's
a hologram, then it's rock,
and you're not going
get through it.
>> I've seen a lot of craft
and devices like this that are
so organic you'll
walk right by it.
You would never know
that it was what it is.
>> Yeah, people who are
spelunkers could have been
in a cavern and stood right next
to an entrance and not known it
was there.
Because in the end, unless
you have permission,
or you know how
to open the gate,
you're not allowed in there.
>> As far as these
insectoids go, these people,
they call the Ant People,
now do they have a queen?
Do they lay eggs?
Do they have families?
Are they just--
how does that work?
>> It's a hive mentality
from what I understand,
and operate on a
large queen or king.
There are-- it is possible,
which not many people know
this-- it is possible
for an insectoid hive
to either be run by a supreme
male or a supreme female.
There isn't necessarily
a universal male/female,
king or queen, and
male or female drones.
That's something that we tend
to see replicated in insect life
here on the planet.
But when you're talking about
the more evolved species,
turns out that they can
actually kind of go either way.
>> Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
Of all the other
Inner world beings out
there, other than the ones
living below the planet,
are there any
commonalities that you've
noticed yourself between them?
>> I mean, certainly this this
bigger sense of existence,
because most of them have lived
down there for a very, very,
very long time, and have had
continuous civilization longer
than we've had up here.
Up on the surface,
civilization goes like this.
Underground, it's more
of a steady climb,
because, again, there's not
these disastrous extinction
events that keep occurring.
So they're able to continue over
time for long periods of time.
So they have
recorded history that
goes back tens of thousands
or even hundreds of thousands
of years.
>> Would you say they're
more conscious than we are,
and have evolved
more than we have?
>> I would say
for the most part.
I wouldn't say that
that means that they
have more potential than we do.
There seems to be a
consistency in understanding
that terrestrial humans
who live on the surface
have among the greatest
potential of beings
that we're aware of, and we've
had a number of advanced beings
tell us that.
I think a lot of the
beings who live underground
have been evolving
from a continuous line
for a very, very long
time that doesn't
have the same potential.
So their development is higher,
but their potential is not
necessarily as high as our own.
So give us 1,000 years and
we can surpass them all.
>> Is there any time do you
believe in the future that
we'll have
interaction with them?
>> Yeah.
Absolutely.
I would say that when we finally
cross the chasm of disclosure,
that we're not--
that's not going
to be too far away from
interacting with those species
as well.
And there's
certainly some people
who interact with them now,
and have been interacting
with them for decades.
It's just been on
a very small scale.
So I think when we open up the
travel gateways back and forth,
and so forth, that could open up
a lot of opportunities for them
to communicate and
interact with us.
>> I know it's hard
to judge a time.
I don't like when people
ask me when what time is
that going to happen?
But is there a time frame,
because of your experience,
that you see coming in
the near future, that you
could tell the audience.
>> I normally also don't
like to give timelines.
My Brigadier General though
has said to me this year,
that it's perfectly
OK for me to start
saying that we should expect
a disclosure event the next 6
to 24 months.
If it's past 24 months, I'll
be shocked and surprised.
If it's less than six, I will
also be shocked and surprised,
but it seems that the highest
probability is somewhere
in that window.
So soon, I think, very soon.
>> That's extremely soon.
>> Now what happens after
that, like what happens 5, 10,
good question, because
everything is going to change.
So there's really
no trying to predict
what happens after that.
But I think we're so close
to that, that I can taste it
in the back of my throat.
>> Well, Randy, another
exciting event today with you.
Thank you so much for
coming on the show.
>> Thank you so
much for having me.
It's my pleasure.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>> When we see Pleadian ships,
we see a sphere of light
because it is-- the
Merkabah moving so fast.
The Atlantean civilization
was the product
of [INAUDIBLE] people.
But the first Atlantis
was not about pyramids.
It was about the temple within.
They taught us how to
relate with the world.
Giants where the keepers of
that wisdom, that information.
The Reptilians
represented for us
the negative and the positive.
And we will explore the Anunnaki
and how this created structure
for the humans to transcend.
[MUSIC PLAYING]